# MultiprocessingAssignment2

1) In my program, guests are picked randomly by the minotaur to enter the maze. Upon completion, they queue up to eat a cupcake, represented in code using a semaphore, if that is there first cupcake, they let the minotaur know and the minotaur adds a tally to a sign, represented using a global static integer. The minotaur checks this sign after letting in each guest to see how many guest have had a cupcake. When the sign shows that each guests has had at least one cupcake, the minotaur stops letting guests into the maze and the party is over. To use my program, the user should know that it starts by prompting the user to enter the number of guests and then how long a guest will take to eat a cupcake. This allows the user to see the program running in the case of having a smaller number of guest while also allowing them to speed up the program if there is a larger number of guests.

2) Option 3 is the best protocol for the guest. Option 1 can lead to overcrowding as guest try to enter the showroom or lead to the showroom not being used for long amounts of time if guests do not regularly check to see if it is in use. Similarly, option 2 can lead to downtime for the showroom as guests that want to use the showroom need to check if it is available. However, option 2 does not lead to overcrowding like option 1. Option 3 does not lead to overcrowding as guest do not have to fight for access to the showroom and does not lead to lots of downtime as the time between one guest leaving the showroom and the next entering is zero (assuming that there are guests in the queue). An additional advantage of option 3 is that guests can be prioritized using a priority queue. Like in question 1, my program ask the user to enter the number of guests. It implements option 3. 
